Enhancing Your Web Pages
1) Initialize a new public repository on GitHub through Visual Studio Code named
ch03project_username, where username is your school username.
2) Create a new web document named index.html. It should contain the DOCTYPE
declaration. Include the html, head, and body tags.
3) Add the semantic tags header, nav, section, and footer to your HTML document.
4) Inside the nav tag, create an unordered list with links to Home, About, and Contact. Use
index.html for Home and use the pound sign (#) for the others.
5) Save your changes. Copy the file and rename it to about.html and update the heading 1 to
match the page name. Repeat the process for contact.html.
6) Create a new subfolder named styles. Inside the folder, create a stylesheet named main.css.
7) Link to the stylesheet in the head section of all three HTML pages.
8) Add a style in main.css that sets a background color for the nav list.
9) Add styles for the nav list item hover state. Set the list-style-type to none.
10) Add a style for the nav list item links. Remove the text decoration, bold the font, and
change the color.
11) On index.html, create a table with a header and body. Include two columns: Term and
Definition. Add rows for “deprecated”, “responsive design”, and “user experience.”
12) Add a style to apply a background color to every even row of the table.
13) Download a PNG image and save it to your media folder. Convert it to JPG and save it in
the same folder.
14) Add a heading 2 with the text “Working With Images.” Add both the PNG and JPG images
to the page and size them to 250 pixels on the longest side.
15) Below the images, add a paragraph comparing the file sizes and describing any visual
differences.
16) Add another image of your choice to your page. Set it in a figure with a figure caption
element. Include a short description in the caption.
17) Add the class “bordered-image” to your chosen image. In main.css, create a style for this
class that adds a border to the image.
18) On contact.html, Create a form with at least three input elements. Do not use the button
tag. Instead, use the input type "button".
19) Include labels for each input field except the button.
20) Save all changes to your project files, push the changes to the repository, and submit the
link to your GitHub repository.
